Done:

1.  Figure out how to integrate PhantomBot into discord
2.  Figure out how to read logs from a file in real time from twitch
3.  Figure out how to run a server to read from the text file and run the script to post to discord
4.  Need to figure out how to parse the line in BASH properly
5.  Drop the idea of a bash script - purely golang based HTTP requests
6.  Figure out a Golang based tail to read the last line of the log file outputted by PhantomBot
7.  Remove dependency on PhantomBot by incorporating a Golang Twitch IRC
8.  Keep a text file with a comma separated list of regulars to parse through
9.  Figure out how to deplay an AMI to AWS EC2 and run an image of our docker image
10. Keep a persistent Docker Volume with the text file stored on it (SKIP)
11. Incorporate PostgreSQL as our data management SQL container for persistent data storage in Docker Volumes
12. Incorporate a Golang GORM to allow easy manipulation of relational mapping within the database
13. Implement the regulars command to be able to add, list and delete from the database
14. Allow only a regular to make a song request command

In Progress:

1.  Exempt mods and the broadcaster from the restriction for regulars (possible extend our Golang Twitch IRC to support more information from the user making the request)

Todo (not prioritized):

1.  Incorporate a Discord IRC to allow information read from the music player to be returned back to the user making the request on Twitch
2.  Implement a way to only allow a user three songs on the queue. (Make this configurarble by environment variable, this might also require us to select an open source music bot - already forked - to do this and allow an easier way to get #2 done)
3.  Update our music bot to allow song deletion based on queue position/name of song

Backlog (not prioritized): 

1.  Banter counter for discord
2.  !commands API (list, add, remove)
3.  React.js/Node.js Based GUI for easy manipulation and viewing
4.  Authentication for logging in
5.  OSRS GE command
6.  OSRS quest guide easy look-up
